---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sra_jump_item_role_list Data Source - sra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch a list of Jump Item Roles.
  For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance
---

# sra_jump_item_role_list (Data Source)

Fetch a list of Jump Item Roles.

For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all Jump Item Roles
data "sra_jump_item_role_list" "all" {}

# Filter by name
data "sra_jump_item_role_list" "filtered" {
  name = "Filter name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Filter the list for roles matching "name"

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `description` (String) The description of the Jump Item Role.
- `name` (String) The name of the Jump Item Role.

Optional:

- `perm_add` (Boolean) If true, users can create and deploy new Jump Items or upgrade Jump Clients.
- `perm_assign_jump_group` (Boolean) If true, users can move or copy Jump Items from one Jump Group to another Jump Group.
- `perm_edit_behavior` (Boolean) If true, users can edit all behavior and experience fields on Jump Items. This includes, but is not limited to: Connection Type, Quality, Console Session, Terminal Type.

- `perm_edit_comments` (Boolean) If true, users can edit the Comments field on Jump Items.
- `perm_edit_identity` (Boolean) If true, users can edit all connectivity and authentication fields on Jump Items. This includes, but is not limited to: Name, Hostname, Jumpoint, Port, Protocol, and URL.

- `perm_edit_jump_policy` (Boolean) If true, users can edit the Jump Policy associated with Jump Items.
- `perm_edit_session_policy` (Boolean) If true, users can edit the Session Policy associated with Jump Items.
- `perm_edit_tag` (Boolean) If true, users can edit the Tag field on Jump Items.
- `perm_remove` (Boolean) If true, users can delete Jump Items.
- `perm_start` (Boolean) If true, users can start sessions with Jump Items.
- `perm_view_jump_item_report` (Boolean) If true, users can view Jump Item Report events for Jump Groups they are assigned to using this role.


Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to this Jump Item Role.
