---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sra_jumpoint_list Data Source - sra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch a list of Jumpoints.
  For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance
---

# sra_jumpoint_list (Data Source)

Fetch a list of Jumpoints.

For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all Jumpoints
data "sra_jumpoint_list" "all" {}

# Filter by public IP
data "sra_jumpoint_list" "filtered" {
  public_ip = "10.10.10.10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `code_name` (String) Filter the list for Jumpoints with a matching "code_name"
- `hostname` (String) Filter the list for Jumpoints with a matching "hostname"
- `name` (String) Filter the list for Jumpoints matching "name"
- `private_ip` (String) Filter the list for Jumpoints with a matching "private_ip"
- `public_ip` (String) Filter the list for Jumpoints with a matching "public_ip"

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `code_name` (String)
- `name` (String) The display name of the Jumpoint. This value must be unique.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the Jumpoint. This attribute cannot be modified after the Jumpoint is created.

Optional:

- `clustered` (Boolean) If true, the Jumpoint can have more than one node. This attribute cannot be modified after the Jumpoint is created.
- `comments` (String) The Jumpoint's comments.
- `connected` (Boolean) If true, the Jumpoint is connected to the appliance.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the Jumpoint is enabled.
- `external_jump_item_network_id` (String) This field is only applicable when the option 'Allow Search for External Jump Items.' is Enabled in Management -> Security. The value must be unique if it is not empty.
- `protocol_tunnel_enabled` (Boolean) If true, users are allowed to start Protocol Tunnel sessions with the Jumpoint. _This field only applies to PRA_
- `rdp_service_account_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the Vault account through which RDP sessions can also receive additional audit capabilities. It must be an generic account or a domain account. _This field only applies to PRA_
- `shell_jump_enabled` (Boolean) If true, users are allowed to start Shell Jump sessions with the Jumpoint.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to this Jumpoint by the appliance. This value must be unique.
