---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sra_vault_account_policy_list Data Source - sra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch a list of Vault Account Policies.
  For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance
---

# sra_vault_account_policy_list (Data Source)

Fetch a list of Vault Account Policies.

For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all Vault Account Policies
data "sra_vault_account_policy_list" "all" {}

# Filter by name
data "sra_vault_account_policy_list" "filtered" {
  name = "Test Policy"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `code_name` (String) Filter the list for items matching "code_name"
- `name` (String) Filter the list for items matching "name"

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `code_name` (String) The code name of the Account Policy. This value must be unique.
- `name` (String) The name of the Account Policy. This value must be unique.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The Account Policy's description.

Read-Only:

- `allow_simultaneous_checkout` (Boolean) If enabled, the vault account can be checked out and used by multiple users or sessions at the same time.
- `auto_rotate_credentials` (Boolean) If enabled, the system will change the account's password after it is checked in.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to this Account Policy by the system.
- `maximum_password_age` (Number) The amount of time in days before the system automatically rotates an account password when `scheduled_password_rotation` is enabled. When creating a new account policy with `scheduled_password_rotation` as enabled, this value must be defined. If `scheduled_password_rotation` is null or false, this value is also null and not required.
- `scheduled_password_rotation` (Boolean) If enabled, the system will automatically rotate an account password when it reaches the specified maximum age.
