---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sra_jumpoint Resource - sra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Jump Group.
  For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance
---

# sra_jumpoint (Resource)

Manages a Jump Group.

For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example Jumpoint
resource "sra_jumpoint" "example" {
  name      = "Example Jumpoint"
  code_name = "example_jumpoint"
  platform  = "linux-x86"

  group_policy_memberships = [
    { group_policy_id : "123" }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `code_name` (String)
- `name` (String) The display name of the Jumpoint. This value must be unique.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the Jumpoint. This attribute cannot be modified after the Jumpoint is created.

### Optional

- `clustered` (Boolean) If true, the Jumpoint can have more than one node. This attribute cannot be modified after the Jumpoint is created.
- `comments` (String) The Jumpoint's comments.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the Jumpoint is enabled.
- `external_jump_item_network_id` (String) This field is only applicable when the option 'Allow Search for External Jump Items.' is Enabled in Management -> Security. The value must be unique if it is not empty.
- `group_policy_memberships` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_policy_memberships))
- `protocol_tunnel_enabled` (Boolean) If true, users are allowed to start Protocol Tunnel sessions with the Jumpoint. _This field only applies to PRA_
- `rdp_service_account_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the Vault account through which RDP sessions can also receive additional audit capabilities. It must be an generic account or a domain account. _This field only applies to PRA_
- `shell_jump_enabled` (Boolean) If true, users are allowed to start Shell Jump sessions with the Jumpoint.

### Read-Only

- `connected` (Boolean) If true, the Jumpoint is connected to the appliance.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to this Jumpoint by the appliance. This value must be unique.

<a id="nestedatt--group_policy_memberships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_policy_memberships`

Required:

- `group_policy_id` (String) The ID of the Group Policy this Jumpoint is a member of

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
#!/usr/bin/env bash

# Item can be imported by specifying the ID
terraform import sra_jumpoint.example 123
```
