---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sra_remote_vnc Resource - sra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Remote VNC Jump Item.
  For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance
---

# sra_remote_vnc (Resource)

Manages a Remote VNC Jump Item.

For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example Remote VNC Jump Item
resource "sra_remote_vnc" "example" {
  name          = "Example Remote VNC"
  hostname      = "example.host"
  jumpoint_id   = 1
  jump_group_id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address.
- `jump_group_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the Jump Group or user that owns this Jump Item.
- `jumpoint_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the Jumpoint through which connections are made.
- `name` (String) The name of the Remote VNC Jump Item.

### Optional

- `comments` (String) The Jump Item's comments.
- `jump_group_type` (String) The type of Jump Group that owns this Jump Item.
- `jump_policy_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the Jump Policy used to manage access to this Jump Item.
- `port` (Number) The port to use. Must be between 100 and 65535, inclusive.
- `session_policy_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the Session Policy used to control the rep's capabilities in the session.
- `tag` (String) The Jump Item's tag.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to this Remote VNC Jump Item by Privileged Remote Access. Other Jump Item types, like Remote RDP Jump Items, may duplicate this identifier. The combination of Jump Item Type + id uniquely identifies any Jump Item in the system.


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
#!/usr/bin/env bash

# Item can be imported by specifying the ID
terraform import sra_remote_vnc.example 123
```
