---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sra_vault_token_account Resource - sra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Vault Token Account.
  For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance
---

# sra_vault_token_account (Resource)

Manages a Vault Token Account.

For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Account.
- `token` (String, Sensitive)

### Optional

- `account_group_id` (Number) The unique identifier the Vault Account Group. The `account_group_id` defaults to `1`, which is the default Account Group.
- `account_policy` (String) The code name of the Account Policy associated with the account. When the value is `null`, the account policy is inherited from the account group. If there is no account group, it is inherited from the global default.
- `description` (String) The Account's description.
- `group_policy_memberships` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_policy_memberships))
- `jump_item_association` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jump_item_association))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to this Account by the system.
- `last_checkout_timestamp` (String) When the account was last checked out. Not returned for personal accounts.
- `owner_user_id` (Number) The unique identifier of a user who owns the personal account.
- `personal` (Boolean) Indicates if this is a personal account.
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--group_policy_memberships"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_policy_memberships`

Required:

- `group_policy_id` (String) The ID of the Group Policy this Account is a member of
- `role` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--jump_item_association"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jump_item_association`

Required:

- `filter_type` (String)

Optional:

- `criteria` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jump_item_association--criteria))
- `jump_items` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--jump_item_association--jump_items))

<a id="nestedatt--jump_item_association--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jump_item_association.criteria`

Optional:

- `comment` (Set of String)
- `host` (Set of String)
- `name` (Set of String)
- `shared_jump_groups` (Set of Number)
- `tag` (Set of String)


<a id="nestedatt--jump_item_association--jump_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jump_item_association.jump_items`

Required:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier assigned to this Account by the system.
- `type` (String)
