---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sra_vault_account_policy Resource - sra"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Vault Account Policy.
  For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance
---

# sra_vault_account_policy (Resource)

Manages a Vault Account Policy.

For descriptions of individual fields, please see the Configuration API documentation on your SRA Appliance

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create and manage a new Username/Password account in Vault

resource "sra_vault_account_policy" "new_account_policy" {
  name                        = "Test Account Policy"
  code_name                   = "account_policy_code_name"
  auto_rotate_credentials     = false
  allow_simultaneous_checkout = true
  scheduled_password_rotation = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `allow_simultaneous_checkout` (Boolean) If enabled, the vault account can be checked out and used by multiple users or sessions at the same time.
- `auto_rotate_credentials` (Boolean) If enabled, the system will change the account's password after it is checked in.
- `code_name` (String) The code name of the Account Policy. This value must be unique.
- `name` (String) The name of the Account Policy. This value must be unique.
- `scheduled_password_rotation` (Boolean) If enabled, the system will automatically rotate an account password when it reaches the specified maximum age.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The Account Policy's description.
- `maximum_password_age` (Number) The amount of time in days before the system automatically rotates an account password when `scheduled_password_rotation` is enabled. When creating a new account policy with `scheduled_password_rotation` as enabled, this value must be defined. If `scheduled_password_rotation` is null or false, this value is also null and not required.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to this Account Policy by the system.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
#!/usr/bin/env bash

# Item can be imported by specifying the ID
terraform import sra_vault_account_policy.example 123
```
